4.31	Dominic_Sandoval	So You Think You Can Dance (season 3) finalists	Hokuto "Hok" Konishi (born July 11, 1984, in Tokyo, Japan) is a Japanese bboy and hip-hop dancer, who grew up in England. He trained for two years in hip-hop and locking. He began to dance at age 15. Konishi was formerly a member of the dance troupe SickStep. In season two of So You Think You Can Dance, Konishi nearly made it to the final twenty, but had only a student visa and was unable to be legally employed in the United States, which resulted in his dismissal from the program. Subsequently, he obtained a work permit and became eligible to participate in the competition in season three. His Season 3- Week 3 Jazz performance - Hummingbird and Flower with Jaimie Goodwin, set to "Chairman's Waltz" from Memoirs of a Geisha soundtrack, choreographed by Wade Robson won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Choreography in 2008. As of 2007, he is a member of a hip-hop dance crew (most of them are b-boying) called Quest Crew, which competes and performs in various venues throughout the country. Konishi is also friends with So You Think You Can Dance season one contestant Ryan Conferido and season three's Dominic Sandoval; Hok, Dominic, and Ryan are all now members of Quest Crew. Andre Fuentez, B-boy Casper, Aja, and Tetris are his favorite professional dancers and he has performed in VIBE, All VC, Kollaboration, and the Sai-Gai Carnival. Outside of dance, he likes to draw, paint, design, and play the violin. He is currently in the United States as a student in graphic design at Santa Monica College. He was eliminated on 2007-07-19 and went on tour as an alternate. Hok and his dance crew, Quest Crew, which includes fellow "So You Think You Can Dance" stars Ryan Conferido and Dominic Sandoval, were named America's Best Dance Crew for season three on March 5, 2009. On July 23, 2009, Konishi returned for the 100th episode of So You Think You Can Dance to perform his Emmy Award Winning routine, Hummingbird and Flower with fellow Season 3 contestant Jaimie Goodwin. Hok also was seen in Alvin and the Chipmunks: The Squeakquel as a hip-hop dancer participating in a music competition. He is the choreographer of LMFAO's "Party Rock Anthem" music video which Quest Crew was featured.	
