34.87	Eastern_United_States	Eastern United States	The Eastern United States or the American East, is today defined by some as the states east of the Mississippi River. , and is traditionally divided by the Ohio River and Appalachian Mountains into the South, the Old Northwest and the East. The first two tiers of states west of the Mississippi have traditionally been considered part of the West, but can be amalgamated with states of the Old Northwest into what the Census Beaureau defines as the Midwestern United States. It has been considered part of the Eastern United States in regional models that exclude a Central region. As of 2011, the estimated population of the 26 states east of the Mississippi (not including the small portions of Minnesota and Louisiana that are east of the river) plus the District of Columbia totals 179,948,346 out of 308,745,358 in the whole nation (excluding the territory of Puerto Rico), or 58.28% of the U.S. population. The Eastern United States is home to several airlines, including Delta Air Lines in Atlanta, Georgia, US Airways in Pittsburgh Pennsylvania, AirTran Airways in Orlando, Florida, United Airlines in Chicago, Illinois, Spirit Airlines in Miramar, Florida, and JetBlue Airways in New York, New York. Major airports in the Eastern U.S. include Chicago O'Hare International Airport in Chicago, Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in Atlanta, John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Logan International Airport in Boston, Miami International Airport in Miami, Philadelphia International Airport in Philadelphia, Pittsburgh International Airport in Pittsburgh, Washington-Dulles International Airport in Washington, D.C., Charlotte Douglas International Airport in Charlotte and Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport in Detroit. The Eastern U.S. is also home to Amtrak, a intercity passenger train service provider. The East did not represent a unified culture, due to its initial settlement by disparate European cultures and the vast number of immigrants who flooded the region from the mid-19th century to the present day.	http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/94/U.S._Territorial_Acquisitions.png/300px-U.S._Territorial_Acquisitions.png
