1.00	Hello_Dave	Hello Dave	Hello Dave formed when singer/songwriter Mike Himebaugh picked up a guitar while in school at Eastern Illinois University. The band began playing small bars and frat parties on campus with members- Himebaugh, Frank Gerage (guitar/bass) and Pat Wagner (drums). The group soon branched out to other campuses in Illinois along with a few shows in Chicago at the now legendary Otis'. The members of Hello Dave changed over the years- Himebaugh the mainstay played and traveled hundreds of thousands of miles with Eli Becker (bass), Chris Clemente (bass), Mike Hall (guitar), Willis Petokey (bass), Steve Merchant (drums), Bryan Resendiz (drums), Tony Orant (keyboards and vocals)Allen Wetzel (bass), and current members- Mike Magoo McGohan (guitar), Marty Williamson (guitar), Peter Bauschke (drums) and Matt Longbons (bass). The band criss crossed the country many times and played shows with bands including- Big Head Todd and the Monsters, Blues Traveler, Train, Keith Urban, Tim McGraw, OAR, Pat Green, Robert Earl Keen, The Doobie Brothers, REO Speedwagon, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Sister Hazel, Big and Rich, Lady Antebellum and the list goes on.... Chicago Twang: Himebaugh coined the term Chicago Twang in 2007 describing the bands brand of music- "not quite country and not quite rock and roll"- and wrote a song by the same name describing the exploits of the band on its journey as a mainstay on the music scene. Chicago Twang became the Title Track to HD's 2009 release- Chicago Twang (Mountain Records). CD's Hello Dave '93 West '95 16tons '98 Wicked Revelry 2000 Perfect Day 2004 Golden EP 2008 Chicago Twang 2009 Things People Say EP 2010 and a special Christmas CD benefiting Children with HIV- '94 Hello Dave has worked with Producer Don Gehman (Mellencamp, Hootie, Grateful Dead) and engineer Mark Dearnley (ACDC, McCartney, Petty etc. etc. etc.). Recently HD traveled to Nashville to work with producer Wyatt Easterling and engineer Mark Capps (three time grammy winner). Throughout the decade of 2000 the band traveled the world doing shows for the US Military- from Japan to Alaska, Iraq to Korea, Saudi Arabia to Hawaii and Europe. Nearly once every year they toured for a week to 6 weeks for the men and women of America's Armed Forces.	
