67.1	Sun_Myung_Moon	Sun Myung Moon	Sun Myung Moon (born 25 February 1920) is the founder of the Unification Church and the first ever founder of a religion, among others, who has established the worldwide foundation during the lifetime of a founder of a religion. He has been called a visionary, a billionaire, a media mogul and an influential power broker. He has honorary degrees from more than 10 universities and colleges worldwide. Moon is a member of the Honorary Committee of the Unification Ministry of the Republic of Korea. According to a pro-Moon book, "there are several writers who argue that Moon should be nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize." Sun Myung Moon organized one of the largest peaceful gatherings in history (1.2 mln people). He is also the founder of many other organizations and projects. Among of the best-known of these are News World Communications, an international media conglomerate which published The Washington Times and other newspapers, and the Tongil Group, a South Korean business group or chaebol with business interests world-wide. Four of Tongil Group subsidiaries are listed on the Korea Exchange, Moon is the largest U.S. sushi restaurants owner and the second largest exporter of Korean goods, for a while Moon was the largest foreign investor in China and Uruguay, in the Kodiak region of Alaska he is the area's largest employer and the largest taxpayer; he also manages the top Asian ballet company, the largest Asian helicopter plant, as well as the only automobile-manufacturing plant in North Korea (DPRK) named Pyeonghwa Motors. Three of his NGOs, namely Universal Peace Federation, Women's Federation for World Peace and Service for Peace, are in consultative status with the UN Economic and Social Council. UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon spoke at Moon-owned Manhattan Center during Africa Day event, which was also co-sponcored by one of Moon's front organizations. Moon and his wife Hak Ja Han are also famous for holding blessing ceremonies, often referred to as mass weddings; such Moon's weddings were proved to be happy, according to a scientific research. One such blessing ceremony was held in the UN Headquarters in 2000.	http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b5/Sun_Myung_Moon.JPG/220px-Sun_Myung_Moon.JPG
